Question 1
How has the internet affected marketing and the models we use to understand it?

Internet has allowed organizations to expand their reach and offer products and services to a larger group of customers.

Internet has offered a new medium for promotion of products through emails, content marketing, banner ads, search advertisement
etc. Internet also offers the facility to target a specific subset of users based on demographics or location. This enhances the
targeting of advertisements and promotions and provides better ROI.

Place has also become less important, as internet offers small organizations to market their wares to customers in vastly
different locations world wide. So small business owners in India is able to sell their products to customer in Indiana. It has
also allowed organizations to find partners and suppliers globally.

Internet in general and search engines in particular has offered organizations to understand the trends about what users are
looking for and then see how their marketing efforts could be tailored to meet those expectations. It also offers real time
feedback on marketing decisions, there by allowing for quick change of pace or direction in case of changing customer needs.

Along with these positives, internet has also made the industry more competitive. The same advantages of location and promotion
can now be used by nimble competitors to target markets where there are inefficiencies and make an entry. This has resulted in
reduction in entry barriers in many industries.

Internet has also made the customers more knowledgeable, so now they have a lot of information on their finger tips. This has
resulted in reducing information asymmetry and have made organizations to be more transparent in the way they do business.


Question 2
Why is the customer journey or buying cycle relevant to content marketing strategy?

Customer journey is relevant to content marketing because at different stages customers would be looking for different types
of information. The initial trigger for the customer could be a search advertisement or even a commercial. Here the
information is mostly one way feed, wherein product information is fed to the customer.

Once the customer starts the detailed research, it becomes important to ensure that the key search key words used does bring
up relevant product information. It is also important to engage key influencers who provide valuable independent reviews of
products and services. These reviews and commendations could be linked to the product website to provide a complete picture.

When the customer moves into the shortlisting phase, it is important to keep the information flow accurate and to the point.
False information or lack of transparency could degrade the product in the minds of customers for ever.  Customers could also
be provided with relevant comparison as to how the product maps to competitor products.

When the purchase decision is made and purchase happens, it is important to ensure that support and maintenance related
information us clear and well documented. These documentation offers a good way to retain the customer and make them recommend
to others.

Thus based on the life cycle of customer decision process, it becomes important to ensure that information that is apt at
that point in time is available to customers


Question 3
Find and share a real-world digital marketing example in your market – what do you think the strategy was behind this
execution?

Grocery store Whole Foods has developed a great brand perception as a organic retailer. All the stores offers a great focus
on eco-friendliness, extremely helpful employees, and healthy food. The Whole Story blog takes the brick and mortar experience
digital with clean design and helpful articles. The blog does not do any hard sell, but offers content that is useful and
relatable. Recently they had a post on saving money on grocery.

Here the strategy is to engage with the customers from the beginning when they decide to shop by offering recipes, money
saving tips as well as key product information and promotions. The tone of posts are very informational and does not seem
sales like or overtly promotional.
