Question 1
Discuss the ways that digital innovation is affecting one of the following: radio, television, or out of home media. Include
pros and cons in your discussion.

With the arrival of Apple, Google and similar players, content has become equally important. TV service providers like Comcast
are moving up the stack by becoming content companies. They are doing this by acquisition of existing digital players. So we are
now seeing the birth of large players with diverse interests from services, content, video and print publishing. They are also
using this breadth to link the various real estate to provide a omni-channel experience.

Pros: better quality content, integrated services across platforms
Cons: pricing issues

The second screen paradigm has offered TV providers to engage with the audience better. TV is basically not interactive, but
with the advent of Internet enabled TV's as well as devices like Tablets, television has now become a medium where viewers can
interact directly. In many Asian countries there are a plethora of talent shows, which allows viewers watching at home to vote
on contestants using tweets or FB comments or even sending text messages. This integration has made the television viewing a
more interactive experience.

Pros: higher level of interactivity, feedback loops
Cons: fragmented attention

Content management and discovery is another area where digital is changing television viewing experience. Today viewers could
record and replay their favorite shows, movies and games. The ability to easily do this as well as search for the content has
enabled viewers to decide when to watch and also weed out things they don't want to watch. This has made it necessary for
advertisers to be more creative with their spots. Product placement within movies, sports matches and shows are now very
common.

Pros: better viewing experience, revenue from product placement
Cons: lower ROI on ads

Finally with mediums like Youtube and Hulu, many amazingly talented creative people have found a medium to express their
abilities. Many of these people does not have a money or reach to get into the orbit of television executives. Millennials
are using Youtube and Hulu as a medium for entertainment and it is easier to create a positive impact if producers of content
can bring their wares to these mediums. This offers a direct relationship with the audience at a cost that is significantly
low.

Pros: higher engagement with audience, lower entry barriers
Cons: loss of ad revenue, content quality issues


Question 2
Discuss the ways that digital innovation is affecting newspapers or consumer magazines. Include pros and cons.

With digital there is now a lot of emphasis on content co-creation across platforms. Today content is being readied for print
as well as digital platforms. While print offers the ability to reach a targeted local audience, digital is offering the
ability to reach across geographies. Digital is also offering firms to involve users and readers through getting feedback
and comments.

Advertising has also undergone a significant change in the age of digital. Earlier advertising used to be a large portion of
the revenue for news papers. Today online and digital advertising options offers a cheaper option with wider reach. This has
forced many firms to reduce their spending on news paper advertisements and focus on digital channel for outreach. With the
advent of multi platform players with interest in newspaper, radio, tv and digital, firms now have the ability to increase
their bang for their buck on spots.

News papers have also worked on some innovative ways to reach out to digital audience. These days it is common to see QR codes
printed in newspapers which allows users to scan the code using a mobile camera and which will then take them to the digital
site. This was very successfully done by Ford motors in India when they launched their new hatchback car. News papers have
also built pay walls around its digital sites, with a limited amount of free articles per month. Along with this they have
tried to grow the print editions, by offering the digital edition free along with the print edition. News papers have also
started to look at specific regional or ethnic new reporting as an option to attract local and ethnic readers to their fold.

Pros: broader audience, multiple platforms, shareability, localized news
Cons: loss of ad revenue, fragmented attention


Question 3
How did Dominos use both traditional and social channels in order to drive consumer engagement?

Domino's used traditional and social channels to bring customers to their stores. They used the traditional channels to place
advertisements which is then tied to them doing a specific action. In most cases this would involve visiting a microsite or a
specific social channel like facebook or foursquare. Once these actions are complete, customers are able to unlock a specific
coupon code or get a promotion which could be redeemed instore. This way Domino's was able to sustain user interest in
traditional mediums as they offered a local medium to reach to specific audience, along with attracting them to digital
sites for further action.

Thus Domino's successfully used the Trigger->Action->Reward->Investments approach to build interest in the brand and bring
more customers to their stores.
