Question 1
What is the purpose of exploratory research?

The purpose of exploratory research is to do an initial study to understand an idea or observed phenomena. This type of study
will pave way to more detailed analysis and study on the subject. Exploratory research is used to understand an issue thoroughly
before getting into quantitative study.

Exploratory research using open ended questions allows researchers to look at varying perspectives about a topic or issue, there
by broadening the perspective. This way exploratory research helps in guiding future survey design and question building process
and prevents the research goals from heading in the wrong direction.

Exploratory research will provide high quality information that will help identify the main issues that should be addressed in
future surveys and significantly reduce a research project’s level of bias.


Question 2
What is primary research? List three examples.

Primary research is the type of research that one would do by going out and collecting data directly.

Examples of primary research are surveys, interviews and observations. 

Interviews: Interviews are 1 to 1 question and answer sessions. Interviews helps with getting information from a small number
of people and are especially useful when an expert or knowledgeable opinion is needed on a topic.

Example: Interviews could be used to understand in depth specific aspects of a topic, like talking to an economist about
economic outlook or talking to a coach about a specific team performance

Surveys: Surveys are are more rigid than interviews and will involve larger groups of people. Surveys will provide a standard
set of information from a large group of people. Surveys helps reach a larger audience and with Internet provides a easy way
to conduct a survey across geographies. This helps with understanding differing perspectives from people from varying
backgrounds.

Example: Surveys could be used to get customer feedback about a product or service. This can help with improving product or
service quality.

Observations: Observations involve taking notes about various happenings of interest in the world. Observations provide
insight about specific people and events and helps with learning more about an event without the biased viewpoint of an
interview.

Example: Observations can be helpful in understanding how users are interacting with a product or service. If a new product
or service is introduced, it would make sense to test it out with real users, while user observations to see how they go
about with the process of operating the product. This will help understand the various qualitative aspects related to product
usability and performance, there by helping improve the same.

