Question 1
How has Moore’s Law affected digital marketing in the last 5 years? Use at least one concrete example.

Marketing automation has been one of the key themes in the last 5 years. This include segmentation, data integration and
managing campaigns. Along with automation programmatic buying, adwords, analytics and social media has made marketing more
digital in the last 5 years. Today firms are utilizing technology to drive better segmentation strategies, find hidden patterns for product/service interests, create targeted customer communications, and offer specific pricing mechanisms.

One of the biggest example is Analytics. Today organizations are using analytics in a big way to understand user behavior. This has enabled organizations to better target users and appeal to them with the right product at the right time. Analytics today allow firms to reach users when it is the most relevant time without being intrusive. Analytics also helps with localization of content and services there by making it more relevant. Analytics has also helped with pricing policies, like surge pricing with certain services like Uber.

Question 2
Compare the business model for a television station in your market to a digital media business model.

A television station's business model is dependent on producing good quality programs and being able to attract advertisers to buy slots during the programs. These programs could be related to news, sports, live events, movies or serials. For each of these programs, the station pays the producer or the event organizer to ensure that the content is delivered through the station. The station also need to deal with cable providers to ensure that they carry the channel. The reach of a station in most cases is local, either within a state or within a country in some cases. The advertisers are looking at reaching a specific target of audience within a geographic area of a specific demographic segment. The standard content on television is one way and does not work well with interaction, even though some efforts in this direction has seen success.

Digital media offers a plethora of options to producers, advertisers and viewers. It allows viewers to choose from a range of
products like short videos, full length movies, short stories with build in interactions, long form stories etc. Along with
this it also offers viewers the flexibility to pause, rewind and view later. Viewers also are not restricted by the country
or geography, even though some digital media could be blocked from certain locales. It offers advertisers to look at analytics to see what kind of advertisements to show during specific time of the day or specific event. It also offers the ability for viewers / readers to comment on various aspects of the media, there by getting real time feedback. Digital media also offers a comparatively cheaper alternative for users to generate their own content. Many online digital platforms integrate user generated content with their main program, so as to provide a different perspective or specific localized action.
