Question 1
Describe how the three functional roles of marketing analytics (data strategist, techie, and data designer) are filled in your
current organization or an organization of your choice.

In my current organization, there are different groups which does the mentioned roles. We do have marketing planning and strategy
teams whose role it is to strategize the various action plans and road maps. The tech teams are mostly analysts with deep
background in statistical modelling and analysis and the design team comprises of folks with background in data visualization
techniques and UI/UX expertise.

Question 2
Explain why you think "pain" is a necessary element in any good web analysis project.

Whether you do web analysis as an individual or as part of a group, pain is something that is necessary and required.

When the work is done as an individual contributor acting out three roles, the pain could be an area which the individual is
the weakest in. It could result in the final analysis not coming out the way that makes it compelling or catchy. The pain or a
burning desire to not settle for second best analysis could help the analyst to think differently and eventually lead to better
results. This could make the analyst take vastly different approach or speak to people who have differing points of view.

When working in the group setting where there are different people doing these roles, there are challenges related to agreement
as well as understanding. The pain here could be that the whole team does not understand the final goal of the project and
therefore are pulling in differing directions. While differing points of view could help improve the project, it is imperative
that the final objective is not forgotten. Here the pain or lack of cohesion could make people to think in terms of bringing
the best elements of the teams, without resorting to being a committee of consensus.

Whatever the context, pain helps improve the overall output of the project. It makes the teams to think in terms of solutions
that brings our unique perspectives and better insights.

