Question 1
In what way can sources of unstructured data be used to aid your organization’s (or an organization of your interest) marketing
efforts?

Unstructured data could offer many benefits to organizations looking to harness the power of analytics. In our organization, we
use unstructured data in the following ways:
1) We use social data from twitter and Facebook to get a feel of what people are talking about in the social media. Many times we
have been able to see irritations related to service issues and product complaints at a very early stage and take corrective
actions. This has helped in reducing the noise that could create a negative vibe about the brand
2) We use detailed comments and product and service reviews from blogs and forums to get a sense of what people are sharing on
the web. Many times these reviews offer great insight into what the customers are thinking. It also offers a peak into the
customer decision journey. We have been using this to build a story board of decision journey's which has enabled us to better
understand the needs of the customer.
3) We also look at call transcripts from call centers to see what is the biggest challenge being reported and looking at ways to
alleviate some of the pain areas. I need to add that we use the feedback from sales reps who bring in valuable data on
conversations they have had with customers. This data set, which is directly coming from customers enable a lot of decisions are
a key part of the unstructured data.

From our experience, we have seen that we get a lot of customer complaints on social media like twitter and Facebook. We have
looked at ways to use hashtags to covert tweets to support cases or emails. We have noticed that forums and blogs offer customers
a way to share their appreciation for a product. This does not mean that tweets and Facebook posts does not cover appreciation,
but the nature of the medium makes it more amenable to report issues. Finally call center logs also some times offer specific
recommendations that customers might have, which could never be received with other means.

Finally, it must be said that we do try to bring some structure to unstructured data. This allows us to put the other sources of
data that we have into context. Many a times, we have seen that bringing qualitative context aids in the better understanding of
quantitative data, which might otherwise look like a bunch of numbers in an excel sheet.

