The following have been mentioned in the lecture as digital channels brands can use to develop relationships with consumers:

Search
Display
Video
Social

Question: According to your experience and opinion, which is most effective? Explain your rationale with one or two examples
of companies who are utilizing that channel. 

I think it would be Social. I say this because, today Social offers customers a way to interact with the brand and make their
voices heard. The other 3 models are mostly one way. Social also offers brands to engage with customers in the early trigger
stage, where they can send out product information as well as the post experience stage, where feedback could be sought.

My first example is Red Bull. In 2012, Red Bull was able to sell about 5.2 billion cans of its energy drinks. During this period
they launched a marketing campaign that leverages on buyer persona. Their website had thrill seeking athletes like race car
drivers. They started a social media campaign by launching on its Facebook page the upcoming events of playing addicting games
and featuring on its Twitter page a photo of the week contest that gets the viewers talking, sharing and engaging with the Red
Bull brand. It also featured the experience and adventures of heroes on an adrenaline pumping action on the Red Bull TV that is
optimized by an app to accommodate more viewers and followers. Red Bull knew its target audience who were most likely to engage
with its brand and will be interested in using their products. The social media campaign is not all about the Red Bull drink,
but leveraging on the interest of their audience that is relevant to the product they are selling.

My second example is ADT. They leveraged different social media channels in order to spread the word about their company,
products and services. Now, ADT is not merely a security company, but a brand that is known in giving protection not only in
homes, buildings and offices, but also for your loved ones, properties and lifestyle. It also added humor in its marketing
campaign in order to generate more interests from its followers, making them more engaged in its brand. It used Its Pinterest
account to show crime stats and cleaning and moving tips that entertain its viewers. It used customer testimonials in its
Facebook page to highlight customers’ experiences on how their products are able to provide protection. They used YouTube videos
to present the homes of high profile individuals like professional athletes using their ADT Pulse products and services.

These two firms provide enough evidence that Social as a channel has moved on from merely being a news dissemination service
towards a true customer service and awareness platform.
