Task 1

24 hours after you submit your ideas to Wikipedia, go back to the topic you edited/created and visit your entry. Then copy
and paste the following here:

The name of the entry you edited/created
The URL of the entry you edited/created
Please do not exceed 100 words for this task.

Zamorin's Guruvayurappan CollegeTask 2

Respond to the question: Why did you select to make/edit an entry about this topic?

Please do not exceed 300 words for this task.

I selected this because, this is college i went to as an undergraduate student. I have a lot of fond memories of spending by
formative years there. I also made some wonderful friends there who continue to be friends with me even today. When i looked
up Wikipedia for the entry of my college, it was very basic. So i have updated the same with more content.
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Zamorin%27s_Guruvayurappan_College

Task 3

Respond to the question: What happened to the content you contributed?

Please do not exceed 300 words for this task.

The content i contributed is still there in the Wikipedia site. It has since been reviewed and found ok. There have been no
feedback as such on the content from anyone so far.

Task 4

Respond to the question: What did you learn about User Generated Content from this exercise?

Please do not exceed 400 words for this task.

User generated content (UGC) goes through a process of people submitting content towards a topic and then it goes through a
process of review and refinement. Once this is over the same is accepted as content towards the topic. This is a definitely
a wonderful way to build a knowledge base where it is almost impossible for a small group of people to have all the
knowledge and then edit and update content. UGC allows people from all walks to life to contribute their knowledge and ideas
towards building a knowledge base and is verified and vetted by folks for obvious bias. This is a great way to involve
customers and general public in problem solving and knowledge building.
