Task 1

24 hours after you submitted your ideas to MyStarbucksIdea, go back to the site and visit your entry. Then copy and paste
(or upload a document containing):

Your idea
The number of points awarded
What reaction your idea received. (Please summarize the comments if you receive more than one.)
Please do not exceed 400 words for this task.

I was unable to create an account so am using the alternative assignment given. Here i am using the idea offered by another
user.

Idea: Real Indian Tea's (http://mystarbucksidea.force.com/ideaview?id=08750000000JmZLAA0) by Jeevie
Points: 20

There is one comment and the response from the author to the comment. The comment talks about the possible proliferation of
other similar requests. But the whole point of having the site is for people to submit ideas.

Task 2
Respond to the question: How did this experience make you feel about Starbucks in general? Please do not exceed 300 words.

Starbucks is keeping a very open mind in terms of soliciting ideas for various items they sell as well as the process of doing
it. This is really commendable. I feel that a site like this should be open in terms of ideas submitted and they have
succeeded in doing that. While some of the comments does seem to be not encouraging at all, this is the flip side of having
a portal like this. I feel Starbucks along with user votes should also have some other mechanism to validate the suggestions.
Also they could suggest duplicate requests as and when the user start writing the suggestion. That way the number of
suggestions would be manageable as well as rich in ideas. Overall it is a really good portal.

Task 3

Respond to the question: What type of co-creation (i.e., submitting, designing, tinkering, collaborating) is Starbucks 
employing through this platform? Explain your choice. Please do not exceed 200 words for this task.

Starbucks is using designing as a co-creation model. Users submit the ideas and this is when voted upon by fellow users.
The best ideas from these votes are then considered for implementation. This also involves submission and tinkering. There
are many ideas where people are suggested changes to existing products, which is equal to tinkering. Since the entire
process is about submitting ideas, that is where submission comes into play.

Task 4

Respond to the question: What is Starbucks trying to achieve through this platform?Please do not exceed 300 words for
this task.

Starbucks is using this portal to enhance customer engagement. By inviting customers and general public to suggest ideas,
they are making users part of the creation process. Starbucks is also using this tool to enhance its brand image. There
were many controversies surrounding Starbucks and they felt that engaging with customers more intimately and providing
them a platform for idea submission is a great way to build brand loyalty. This tool has also helped improve customer
satisfaction, as customers now have a medium to provide feedback on improving existing products and processes. Finally,
but definitely a very important part is the role this tool has played in innovation. This is definitely a different way
of looking at new product development and Starbucks have realised that rather than relaying only on the internal expertise,
it would be worthwhile to have people from all walks of life give suggestions of new products. This seem to have worked
very well for them.
