Task 1

Share the information below for each of the five products (coffee, detergent, men’s T-shirt, battery, television):

Brand name
Store price
Lowest local retail price
Lowest Internet retail price
Folgers Classic Ground Coffee Medium Roast, $4.65, $4.69, $5.08
Purex Baby Liquid Detergent, $3.97, $4.04, $4.25
Levi's White T-Shirt, $32.00, $31.99, $28.00
Energizer AAA Battery, $10.39, $12.95, $12.12
Samsung 32" Smart TV, $349.99, $309.99, $228.00

Task 2

Calculate the total amount of money you would have saved by buying these items via an Internet retailer (not counting the cost 
of shipping). What did you learn from this?

Please do not exceed 300 words for this task.

I would have saved $123.55 by shopping online. The bulk of that is coming from the price of TV which is very less online. Also
the Levi's T-Shirt is also cheaper online, but not by much. This clearly indicates that items which are high value can be 
bought online, as online retailers does not have the additional overhead of store costs and employee costs. This allows them
to pass on the additional margins to the customers there by reducing the costs. But for smaller value items like battery,
detergent etc there is no such benefit as the margins are very low in these items. Also many a times these are purchases
that are done urgently and therefore there is no time to wait for delivery. People would rather go and pick them up from the
local grocery.


Task 3

Respond to the question: How did you feel about using this shopping tool? Will you use it in the future? How will you use it?

Please do not exceed 400 words for this task.

The shopping tool was useful, but sometimes took time to get back with data. This was especially true when i tried out the
detergent. It did provide some good data when it came around. I would use it, only when i am looking at higher value goods.
I am not sure if it makes any sense to take this to a grocery store when buying bread and milk. But when you are looking at
buying TV, DVRs or Laptops then this could come handy.


Task 4

Respond to the question: How could this tool be enhanced? What would make it even more valuable?

Please do not exceed 400 words for this task.

There are some items which does not seem to have been tagged yet. I tried one of a different variety of Coffee and it did not
show any result. Enhancing the catalog would definitely be useful. Also the app does slow down sometimes making you wonder if
it did not find any match. The tool would be more useful, if there are reviews of products as well as stores mentioned. The
tool could also offer customers to remember some of their preferences and remind them of price cuts. This is especially true
for planned purchases like TV. I found that more people are using some kind of app in aisles where electronics are kept. But
overall there was a feel that i was the only one using it.

In lighter vein, i tried the tool on some of the esoteric items, i tried it on Thai Coconut Milk. I am still waiting for the
catalog to the updated with the item.
